and now there's a new challenge for the
people of Gaza the rain tents housing
thousands of displaced Palestinians in
un run schools in the southern Gaza
Strip have been damaged people say
they're also worried they could now die
from exposure let's speak now to our
correspondent in carun TK Abu aom T
first of all let's look at the weather
there it has been raining heavy rain has
flooded the camps what are the
conditions
yes uh people inside Gaza Strip were
always waiting winter and even rain in
order to enjoy and spread happiness in
their hearts but now they're afraid of
having rain due to the fact that they
are being completely displaced from the
houses they are taking shelters in a
school but these schools are not highly
equipped by uh the uh United Nations and
it's also it cannot protect them from
being exposed uh from the rain as they
they are totally are forced to get up
early no matter what if there was rain
or not in order to have access to bread
have access to water and they are forced
to do that under dire humanitarian
circumstances so rain is considered to
be now a new concern for the majority of
displaced people inside the territory as
more people are fleeing from the north
and Central areas of Gaza Strip to the
southern areas people uh dramatic
situation is getting much more worsening
as also they are having different kind
of shortage they did not really manage
to bring uh their clothes from the
houses because they are only allowed to
have only one bag as they are evacuating
and some of them did not really manage
to get any bag of clothes with them and
others have run out of money they don't
have even money to have the ability to
purchase anything from the market so the
situation for them is really dramatic
and witnessing much more exacerbation
people are still fleeing from the north
and Central areas of the territory and
in order to uh know more about that we
are hosting right now A young
Palestinian girl she is ragad Mahmud uh
ragad thank you so much for joining us
today so as a Palestinian uh young girl
uh as a Palestinian young girl uh tell
me about your feelings as the Israeli
attacks on the Gaza STP continue and you
are a displaced person from the central
areas of the Gaza okay of course I can
tell you like now the world can't see
anything that's happening now in Gaza
just now there was a harsh booming
around here and you can see behind me
lots of ambulances like getting the
wanded and martyrs as for me I got out
of my neighborhood since like around 5
years 5 days and because of that there's
was around 20 harsh rids around our
house and you can imagine that it's only
20 or 50 m all from our house there was
no doors no windows not anything not a
block on a block so you can't live there
there's nothing there you can't have
your life and since I was living there I
had me many many memories there so you
can't okay and what is your message to
the world what would you like to tell
the world about that I would like to
tell them that I lived in Indonesia and
Malaysia around 6 years and I lived
there my life I did go to entertainment
places I went to restaurants I went to
everything but here you can't have your
actually can't have your peace because
like you are under an Israeli aggression
you can't have
uh anything I lived there around 60
years and I also had my life I also that
the land is for the this people but uh
as for us we have only one city or two
okay thank you so much for your
vulnerable time thank you so much and
this is uh how life in Gaza Strip looks
like as Israel keep displacing people
from the cities heading to the southern
areas where bombardment also continued
in the south of their territory yes T
amazing strength and eloquence from that
young girl you were talking to just
there explaining like what life is like
for her and others there in Gaza she
mentioned uh the commotion behind you
was due to hosp ambulances bringing new
casualties from new strikes what what
can you tell us about what's
happening yes uh the southern areas of
Gaza Strip and in particular in khuna
City there were there were massive
numbers of Israeli ongoing strikes on
the south of the Gaza Strip as they are
recommending people to flee to the
southern areas which considered to be
safe from the Israeli perspective now
just before a couple of minutes before
we went live the Israel occupation
forces attacked a residential building
in the Eastern areas of kanun as till
now the ambulances are evacuating
victims and injured people from the
location of the attack and they are the
entire hospital now is in a state of
aler in order to uh keep riding
treatment for them also the attacks
continued in the central areas of their
territory around the vicinity of the
main Central hospitals including the
Indonesian hospital and even the asifa
hospital which considered to be till now
trapped and besieged by the uh Israeli
occupation forces who prevent anyone
from getting out of the hospital as they
were forced today Administration and
medical workers to pury dozens of
Palestinians inside a mass grave
Cemetery inside the uh the medical
complex which give a CLE sign that
situation there is totally unbearable so
t as you're talking to us we can we can
hear the ambulances we can hear the
commotion of people arriving how is that
hospital coping with this influx of
casualties that it's seeing every single
day
yes uh hospitals inside Gaza in
particular in the south of the territory
as we are right now standing inside uh
they are trying to cope with the current
situation and even with the surging
number of people who are being wounded
and injured from the Israeli a strikes
from time to another by using the
minimum and primitive medical uh care uh
facilities and even U uh approaches
there are due to the lack of medical
supplies and also with the surging
number of those wounded people Medical
Teams are tirelessly providing treatment
and the capacity of the hospital is uh
is uh become much more full and the
majority of those medical workers are
trying to conduct different surgeries uh
some of them are taking long time to be
uh conducted others are requiring to be
transferred outside the Gaza Strip to
receive uh treatment in the Egyptian
hospitals or any any Hospital up road so
literally they are doing their best in
order to keep rinding a treatment for
the wounded people every day dozens of
inent people are turning up to the anas
hospital and they are receiving a
treatment inside the corridors of those
hospitals as you can clearly know the
air strikes continue as even the number
of Palestinians getting killed and
injured by those air strikes had risen
to more than 11,500 Palestinians killed
and with more than 20 uh uh 7 27,000
Palestinians also have been critically
injured TK Abu AUM our correspondent in
southern Gaza reporting there from Kan
yunes even as ambulances behind him
bring more casualties in from new
Israeli strikes on that area T thanks
very much for the
moment well here's now a look at the
main areas of fighting in Northern Gaza
the shaded areas are where Israeli
soldiers and tanks have made some
advances in circling Gaza City and
effectively cutting the strip in half
Israeli troops and tanks have completely
surrounded the port of Gaza it's
believed that the armed wing of Hamas
the kasan brigades is fighting on what's
being described as four decisive fronts
they are tal alwa al-shatti bate lahia
and bate hanon we're going to go back
now to our correspondent in kanun TK Abu
aom because TK we understand that there
were a number of rockets that were just
fired out of the Gaza Strip from very
close to where you
are right uh The Rage of rockets have
been fired TS the Israeli settlements in
retaliation to the Israeli ongoing
bombardment of the territory uh those
Rockets did not stop since the early
beginning of this round of fighting they
uh the Palestinian Fighters are started
this round of fighting extensively by uh
launching different bages of rockets
towards the surrounding Gaza settlement
and even towards the main Central uh
cities of the uh Israeli occupation uh
uh State uh clearly these Rockets come
as a retaliation by the Palestine
Fighters due to the Israeli Relentless
bombardment and the killing of civilians
inside the territory those Rockets had
witnessed a kind of shrink uh after the
Israeli ground Invasion to their
territory but meanwhile they are still
firing and shoot and launching different
bages towards the uh Israeli cities and
even some of them had reached the Far
North of the occupation state so yes I
was going to ask you if they're being
fired from Southern Gaza where are their
targets within
Israel so generally we cannot right now
we are not expect to determine the the
ation of the targeting but meanwhile
those uh uh those uh Rockets are fired
towards the Israeli settlements they
might be uh just be directed or
targeting the main Central cities of the
uh Israeli occupation uh State as there
till now there is no any further
confirmation about the location of the
Israeli attack of the of the Israeli
city that had been largely bombarded
okay and this follows as you were saying
a few minutes ago or a few moments ago
before we came on air another Israeli
strike on an area in K Yunis an area
that Israel has told people in the north
to go to to escape the
fighting yes uh this parage of rockets
had been fired the Israeli settlements
after the attack on a residential house
in in neighborhood where totally as you
could clearly see at the background that
the different injuries have been proved
to the hospital in order to uh be
medically occurred and also these
attacks continued in the south of the
territory which considered to be a safe
place for Palestinians to flee to but as
Israel keeps also bounding the south of
the Gaza Strip it it's clearly yet there
is no any safe place in the Gaza Strip
even in the South where people are
recommended to flee okay TK Abu aom
thank you very much for bringing us the
very latest there from KH unun where
we've just heard of a number of rockets
being fired out of the Southern Gaza
Strip towards Israel T thank
okay